feat: Add strict validation of parser/serialisers in line with RFC-2119 (#20)
NRWLDev/changelog-gen: docs/version.md

# Semantic Versioning

At the core of `changelog-gen` is the version detection and generation logic,
check [here](https://semver.org) for details on semantic versioning, and
[here](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119) for a more detailed look
at the underlying RFC.

## Version generation

`changelog-gen` uses conventional commit types and its own configuration to
determine what type of release to trigger based on the commits since the last release.

### Major

Any breaking change will trigger a major release, unless the library is in then

> initial `0.y.z` development release. In commit terms, any commit message with a

Reviewer: This sounds weird .. maybe:
> unless the package is in the development release phase, i.e. the current version follows the pattern `0.y.z`.

package instead of library to make it more generic ?

serialisers, and any custom components (non incrementing integers).

```toml
[tool.changelog_gen]
parser = '''(?x)
    (?P<major>0|[1-9]\d*)\.
    (?P<minor>0|[1-9]\d*)\.
    (?P<patch>0|[1-9]\d*)
    (?:
        (?P<pre_l>[a-zA-Z-]+)         # pre-release label
        (?P<pre_n>0|[1-9]\d*)         # pre-release version number
    )?                                # pre-release section is optional
'''
serialisers = [
    "{major}.{minor}.{patch}-{pre_l}{pre_n}",
    "{major}.{minor}.{patch}",
]

parts.pre_l = ["dev", "rc"]
```

In the above example on creating a major/minor/patch release, the `pre_l`
component will increment to the initial value `dev`, and `pre_n` will be 0.

* `0.0.0`
* `0.0.0      → 0.0.1-dev0  [changelog generate]`
* `0.0.1-dev0 → 0.0.1-dev1  [changelog generate --version-part pre_n]`
* `0.0.1-dev1 → 0.0.1-rc0   [changelog generate --version-part pre_l]`
* `0.0.1-rc   → 0.0.1       [changelog generate --version-part pre_l]`

When the release component reaches the end of the configured component parts,
the optional components will be dropped.

## Strict validation

By default, parsers and serialisers that do not strictly adhere to RFC-2119 are

> supported, but if you with to strict validation can be enforced. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported, but if you wish, strict validation can be enforced. If
```
